Validation process, updated pipeline support (#1879)
open-telemetry/otel-arrow: rust/validation_test/README.md

# Validation Tests

> The validation test validates a OTLP message after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validation test validates OTLP or OTAP messages after
```
